Jehovah's people are generous and want to give.
Doing so with the Spirit mentioned at 2 Corinthians 9-7,
let each one do just as he has resolved in his heart,
not grudgingly or under compulsion, for God loves a cheerful giver.
One of many ways we can display this generous spirit
is through our financial donations.
We are familiar with placing a contribution in the boxes labeled
contributions for the worldwide work at our local Kingdom Hall.
Recently, the organization has made some changes to allow for donating online.
Some have had questions on how to use these new tools.
The donation information page on JW.org can be accessed via the JW Library app or on the website.
By selecting the country where you live, you can see the donation methods available to you.
Different types of donation methods are available in different countries.
How have some been able to put this tool to use?
In many countries, we can give using a credit or some debit cards via JW.org.
Anyone can make donations online by creating an account if they don't already have one.
This makes donating simpler both for you and for the organization.
Just as many of us already follow the scriptural pattern at 1st Corinthians 16-2,
set something aside every week according to our own means,
we can do the same with these online tools.
You can set up recurring donations so that this is done automatically every month.
My biggest challenge in making donations was remembering to put the donation in the box,
but one day I was on the JW website and saw that there was a way to make online donations.
And what was even better was that I could program an automatic donation of the same amount every month.
So every month I receive a receipt that my donation has gone through.
And that makes me very happy because I can help Jehovah every month.
And this way, it's easy.
Or perhaps we'd rather have our donation transferred electronically right from our bank account.
In some countries, a bank account is provided that will allow you to transfer funds directly to the branch office.
Simply use the tools provided by your bank to set up a direct donation to this account.
We can easily go to the JW.org website and use the donations page to donate online directly from our account,
just as we would make any other money transfers.
Some prefer to contribute by check or money order.
The details on where to mail this type of donation can also be found on JW.org.
Well, each month when I watch JW broadcasting and see all the things that are going around over the earth,
I would like to show them my appreciation for this hard work that the brothers do.
And the way I can do that since I'm no longer able to do much physically is by writing them a check and this letter of appreciation.
Other methods of donating might involve charitable planning.
We could arrange to give assets at our death through a will, trust, life insurance policy or retirement plan.
During our life or at our death, we could also donate certificates of deposit, stocks and bonds, as well as saleable real estate.
We are living in the days when unexpected events take place just as the Bible foretold.
So we decided to make charitable plans so that our material assets can be used to advance JW's work.
Tutto, every worthwhile thing we have also comes from JW.
I feel privileged to return to JW, what I originally received from him.
And I think this deep joy in my heart is the very blessing that I receive from JW.
There are many forms of giving. Go to the donation information page to see what options are available in your country.
However, some types of donations typically require planning or additional information.
If you have any questions, you can check with your local branch office.
Feel free to submit a request for more information and your local branch office will respond by email within a few days.
Or you can call the branch directly using the phone number provided.
But what if we wish to continue giving in the ways we have been or we don't understand how to use these new tools?
New tools can be hard to understand at first.
But asking for the help of a trusted brother or sister in the congregation can help us take advantage of these tools.
Exodus 35, 5, and 21 says,
Take up a contribution for Jehovah from among yourselves.
Let everyone with a willing heart bring a contribution for Jehovah.
Gold, silver, copper.
Then everyone who's heart impelled him and everyone who's spirit incited him,
came and brought their contribution for Jehovah.
Just as the Israelites knew what options they had in giving to Jehovah,
we want to know the different ways that we can make donations and the tools we can use to do so.
Please take time to review these options on the donation information page
and use the methods and tools that are best for you.
No matter how we choose to donate,
we can be confident that just as in the days of Moses,
the donations we make support pure worship.
And whether we are giving of our time,
our energy, or our resources,
we know that Jehovah loves a cheerful giver.